<!doctype html public "-//w3c//dtd html 4.0 transitional//en">
<html>
<head>
   <meta
http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1">
   <meta name="GENERATOR" content="Mozilla/4.76
(Macintosh; U; PPC) [Netscape]">
   <title>2000/11/02 BoD Minutes</title>
</head>
<body>
OCF Fall 2000 BoD Meeting minutes - for 11/2/2000 BoD
meeting.
<p>Date: Thu, 2 Nov 2000 22:31:03 -0800 (PST)
<br>Notes by: Andrew Cheng &lt;drew@OCF.Berkeley.EDU>
<br>Subject: Bod Minutes&nbsp; 11/2/2000
<br>&nbsp;
<p>Bod members in attendence:
<p>suztang, wyc, ceugene, jshen, smcc, cpfeyh, jtsai, akopps, gmg, drew,
<br>kenao, ivan(cameo appearance)
<p>quorum? not really.....
<br>&nbsp;
<p>GM report:
<br>-work on new acct. forms
<br>-work (thought about) on MOU
<br>-Patrick talked with Tom Baker, who will accompany us to present
<br>to ASUC senate....also left message with Richard Watson about AC
quote.
<p>SM report:
<br>-added 4gig disk to famine /opt/local/src
<br>-opt local nearly out of space (clean or add new space?)
<br>-smcc says gnome can be deleted cause its b0rk3n...
<br>-talk with CNS network guy about estimate for network upgrade(should
<br>include switch)
<br>-kennish submitted for a switch donation
<br>-v-host for FLEET on death crashes akopps browsers...
<p>Old business:
<br>-Acct. form draft passed around
<br>-Approve is currently setuid root...possible security issue...but no
one
<br>who isn't on approve knows about it anyway...
<br>-talked about running crack on /etc/passwd or using cracklib in
approve
<br>script
<br>-possible things to display on first login/terminal open(mandatory
passwd
<br>change)
<p>New Business:
<br>-Alumni policy issue...they currently can't get into hellar...but we
can't
<br>do anything but ask asuc to let them in
<br>-Alumni card(expensive but lifetime) enough for ALL things on
<br>campus??? don't ask us...we don't know.....
<p>Misc. topics:
<br>-talks to sorry jeffe for doing CS homework at the lab b/c of old MOU
<br>about the apollos
<br>-Muhammad(sp?) says he can get us paper...or money for paper....
<br>-old staffer, Adrian Thomas(sp?) donates a sun monitor
<p>***Ivan appears.....
<br>-Our bill will be up next wed. Night 7pm in asuc senate (BOD please
attend)
<br>-Users maybe sign a petition for AC
<br>-Finance meeting TBA
<br>-Ivan will talk with alex about alumni and non id-card holders to sign
<br>into heller
<br>***Ivan has left the building.....
<p>-akopps will return the barrows gateway to heller, for staff testing
of
<br>pcnetlink
<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; _
<br>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; |_|
</body>
</html>

